---
title: "1 24 2023"
---
- 7th period already failing expectations, have a copy of it, not that we can't infer they are literate, currently going over POTUS (lotus?) no SCOTUS, FLOTUS, HOTUS!, speak gibberish, 2nd gentleman, unprecedented, I'm still mad Bob Ross lost... I voted for Bob Ross! *wasn't he dead in both elections?* doesn't matter, keep the faith! every time there is election, 2 parties, unlike Europe (they have to do something crazy, like coalition gov.) it's why we got rid of comparative gov as a course, was too difficult; kids could not understand it; write ins for random people, Eisenhower '52! voting for non dominant parties is a `waste of a vote`; I know you love Bernie Sanders; Al Gore did not lose! that's a myth! election was rigged, hanging chats! how old were you kids, -4?
- Woody and Buzz Aldrin, does Buzz have a last name? Buzz Light Year! Flex seal solves it all; how many times did I say that last year? I voted for Eisenhower twice with an illegal id!
- `The Wizard` which I'm sure most of you have listened to since I've brought it up multiple times
- Louisberg Pennsylvania, real campus, really safe, unlike Philadelphia, Bethlehem... unlike Rust Belt, Pittsburg, as everyone looks at Jack Lamberg's teeth; you think he's in the hall of fame, he could afford some teeth? ~~having no teeth was a prerequisite for athletes~~
- <u>I</u>talian... we're speaking that, kids be quiet, let the adults speak. what is STA?
- I'm not taking AP exam, already got 6/5, earned my bars
- when you don't have weapons, pick up a cobblestone from the street and use that as your weapon; that's also why we don't have cobblestones in this town, it's a safety issue; don't have cobblestone roads, meanwhile neighboring town doesn't even have roads \\s
- please how you kids, we had a discussion among all of us, how do you kids know all this stuff, Hadjiloucas class USI passed to Ziccardi, regular class have only 5 pages for reading
- we are not going through a recession, allegedly; economists are not reputable sources, listen to the government... you wanna know the truth, it's because I say it's the truth, there is no recession, understand? `money go down`, with an answer like that, I blame someone else; it's actually a downturn in the economy, economically determine (if you believe in economists or economic theory as a reputable thing) there are criteria for it to technically be a recession; for our purposes, it's a downturn in our economy; in America, we have no inflation or recession because the government said so; ~~we don't have inflation~~
- I voted for the `Know Nothings` back in the day.. Nativism.. kids that sounds good, we know nothing; it's in another chapter, wanted to get a good participation grade; you can't vote now, after saying that, it's wrong... pride on being native american, nothing to do with masons
- FDR `the guy in the chair!` only thing they knew about him; horrible, judging people
- can go get a cookie, or plastic bucket of food with plastic spoon, gruel or porridge, after resolving the revolution \\s
- guidance counselor, coach, administrator, college admissions person, teacher, fellow colleague, `here's the problem: it didn't work`
- opening the door to let the kids in for first period; did you see what happened?; pulling out their phones; video evidence is admissible; one of the parent's flipflops fell off while they were tackling their child; dress code violation!; you better be wearing some functional clothing in gang fight; Jan 6 guy with viking horns, if you ever follow people looking like that (he's in jail now) you have a problem; buck skin pants and no shirt, couldn't say much about that, touchy subject; boots and preferably car hard overalls; he's in jail, complaining about bad food, crying himself to sleep, making friends; someone getting dragged around in video and fell on the floor
- Penn State, where state college is, it's in a town called `Collegeville`, Montgomery county, ahh the memories, yes
- that's the Parthenon! not the capitalist building in the background; fireside chats, one year asked about that on a quiz; not last year's class; students literally wrote that it was hobbos in Hoovervilles having discussions around a campfire; vagrants!; hobbos infer they are riding boxcars, not to get all nostalgic; brings up that Polar Express movie, that movie is horrible! oh my gosh! did you get a big hug from your teacher? watching movies in class
- what did you learn about today? the fatherland! that would raise eyebrows, don't say that
- our middle school is an FDR public works project
- Biotech room used to be our woodshop at a point, then they subdivided it into art room; there's still a symbol of biotech, quite the memento, if you see me down there with a crowbar, you didn't see nothing! where the candy stash is! that used to be our woodshop, it was glorious!
- I don't know what you guys know... besides nothing
- when I was a kid, getting kicked out of places was a bragging right