---
title: "2 7 2023"
---
- find the loophole! also was like speaking Polish this morning, brought up Ken Burns, and then I had to explain, it got worse, he makes documentaries about America! *oh god education*, rope them back in, *one of them is about baseball!*, do not misrepresent in the newspaper, that I said something pro-sports; I will just make up names of faculty members, could not believe when I said I would not watch the Super Bowl; told them they weren't good role models; they didn't know what "dry" was (alchohol)
- there would be reprecussions... admins pulled senior field trips 15 years ago; don't mess with the admins, they can make you eat lunch like 4 year olds; the person running the trip was Mr. Merritt; just told him we aren't doing it any more
- Burlesconi... he makes Bill Clinton look ethical! ~~all 20th C Italian politicians bad~~ , the president committed perjury, not good; go home, test if they are actually lawyers; lawyers should probably know that you should not commit perjury; Clinton, if that gives any of you hope, any of you can be a lawyer! look for that in the review book, maybe let the APULL teacher talk about that sticky wicket; good luck trying to cross examine a lawyer, or Clinton; interview of Clinton, and his deposition (mom would know); hilarious how elusive he was, so frustrated because he asked them to define the word `is`, conversely in that respect he is a role model of being evasive; don't answer questions, not just the old plead the 5th; perjury = jail, here's a cake, you can be drafted, Vietnam, go to jail; times were simmpler, 90s were a simpler time, OJ in the middle of the decade, and had Clinton in the end; everyday there was like new dirt that came out about Clinton, the sitting president, `#awkward`, OJ chase surrounded by LAPD cars and helicopters, those were good cars (Fords); I see them on the road now, and the wheel fell off (oh wait that's Tesla); Tesla: it's not our fault, but since it broke we'll give you a new Tesla; vs bigger humanitarian disasters...
- my classes this morning had no idea what happened yesterday with the big story
- some type of Grateful Dead concert... might be on some kind of narcotic... did they win a Grammy yesterday? Ozzy won a Grammy, best heavy metal album! kids at lunch came up to me and said that Ozzy won a Grammy yesterday, it was in the news; I don't watch the Grammys, `Master of Reality` Sabbath's best albums, on vinyl! sometimes the discs are special pressings, usually are black, used to have clear / translucent green / orange, special edition; also in my office desk, kids have given me albums, since I wrote them rec letters, or smth like that
- those are our mottos, be evasive, vengeful, and do not commit perjury
- in the coffee room ranting about innocent Belgium and how they get violated; people walk in leave `nah I don't think so`, also the Germans in 1940
- lesson from Aunt Becky, do not write a check with a memo that said `bribe`, who didn't watch `Full House`, back in the day! Steamos, good man, Bob Saggot no longer with us, Danny Tanner, Dave Coulier... did some questionable things, we judge people based on their beliefs? also how about.. Stephanie, you should look after her what happened after full house, who ironically ran for Italian parliament a couple of years ago; gee all of Italian politics are corrupt and unethical? she was Mussolini's grand-daughter, her career... can't go into it
- i should do like a fake current events... ~~idyllic buccholic strausburg, then Putin's zombie warriors, climb over comrades' dead bodies~~
- probably should watch who you seek vengeance again; if they are members of Cobra Kai, or wear Metallica shirt... strike early strike first! we have loads of things... `we have that?` hand remote to the kids and then walk away, they know what they are doing with the TV stuff