---
title: "12 20 2022"
tags:
- notes
- class
---
## Pre-Industrial Manufacturing
- "The cottage industry", aka "the putting out system"
- **visual of cart moving across, and cotton manufactured to cloth**
- **Families** produced textiles in their **rural** homes.
- **Output** MINIMAL...
- **Production** SLOW...
- **Higher Quality**...
- new methods of manufacturing & new technology ENDED THIS!
## 1st Industrial Revolution
- Time Frame :: c.1760-1830
- Methods of Production :: Hand -> Machine
- Mass Production :: Textiles
- Power Sources :: Water, Coal, & Steam
- New Engines :: Steam Engine
- Inventions ::
	- Spinning jenny
	- Water Frame
	- Spinning Mule
	- Cotton Gin
- Standard of Living for Working Class :: AWFUL (Think Tocqueville in Manchester)
### Britain
1. The Agricultural Revolution (1760s)
2. Demographic migration
	- From farms to cities, lead to
3. Supply of cheap labor.
4. NEW Technologies (previous section)
5. Rise of **entrepreneurs** (entreprendre)
6. **Stable** constitutional monarchy (since 1688-1689!)
7. *Laissez-faire* :: hands off Capitalism
	- no relationship between government and economy (just cared about taxes)
	- No minimum wage, OSHA, anti child labor, regulatory commissions for safe and clean food
	- [[Adam Smith]], capitalism, no government regulation
8. Global colonies = Raw materials!
	- 1st Industrial Revolution, most important was cotton
9. Domestic supply of coal & iron.
10. a plethora of new technologies
11. new & efficient methods of manufacturing:
	1. the factory method &
	2. the division of labor (Adam Smith)
### New Methods of Production
- Adam Smith's "Division of Labour" Theory
- "Deskilling" manufacturing into simple & specific steps!
- e.g. Wire -> Cut Wire -> Sharpen End -> Stamp Head -> Solder Head -> Pins
- Specialization = increased efficiency
- History has modern impact!